Get ready.
Here's your first question.
Dating back to the first century CE, the practice called interpretatio germanica means giving German names to what common set of words?
This practice changed the names of local gods to names like Mars and Mercury...
Days of the week.
Yes, that's right.
Three questions for you, UCL, about the medieval Egyptian ruler Baybars.
Baybars ruled which kingdom centered on Cairo from 1260 to 1277?
It came after the Ayyubid dynasty, and its name comes from the Arabic word for slave.
Mamluk.
Correct.
Before becoming sultan, Baybars fought in the Battle of Ain Jalut.
This victory stopped which empire from expanding southwest?
The Mongol Empire.
Correct.
Baybars also fought in the army that stopped the Seventh Crusade and captured which French king, the only one made a saint?
Louis IX.
Yes, that's right.
Next question.
In a poem, which city did Wordsworth call the eldest child of liberty?
Mary Elizabeth Coleridge mentioned it along with Troy and Rome, saying its pride is gone.
Shelley called it "Ocean's nursling", and Byron said...
Athens?
No, that's wrong. You lose five points.
Byron said it was "the revel of the earth, the masque of Italy."
Rome?
No, it was Venice.
Next question.
In 1828, German chemist Friedrich Wohler made the first organic chemical from inorganic ones, which important compound did he make?
Rubber?
No, you lose five points.
He made it by mixing sialic acid and ammonia.
In mammals, this compound helps remove ammonia from the blood.
Urea?
Yes, that's correct.
Your bonus questions, Imperial, are about artworks created by changing other artworks.
In 1953, which US artist erased a sketch by Willem de Kooning with his permission and displayed the blank page?
Robert Rauschenberg.
Yes, Rauschenberg.
In 2003, which British artist wrapped Rodin's The Kiss in string, calling it The Distance, The Kiss With String Attached?
Cornelia Parker.
Yes, correct.
Dropping A Han Dynasty Urn is a 1995 work by which conceptual artist?
Ai Weiwei.
Yes, correct.
In 1986 and 2004, A Fashionable Marriage and Naming The Money are major works by which British artist born in Zanzibar in 1954?
Lubaina Himid.
Yes, correct.
Your bonuses, UCL, are on biological terms starting with the same three letters.
Identify the term from the description.
An organism or tissue with at least two different sets of DNA, often from the fusion of different zygotes, also a monster in Greek myth.
Chimera.
Correct.
The cross-shaped connection during meiosis.
It has seven letters.
Chiasma.
Finally, a polysaccharide that is the main part of the outer skeletons of insects, crabs, and lobsters, and the cell walls of fungi.
Chitin.
Yes, correct.